# PageMagic
This is an experimental open-source HTML formatting program.

I'm not sure how many similar projects like this exist, but this is something I personally wanted to make and experiment with.

I learned a lot from this project. I feel confident it helped me become a better developer.

There is going to be some code left in the program that is 'commented out' to show what processes I went through
before the program was in it's current state.

The comments like '//Methods' and '//Variables' were inspired by the YouTuber Suraj Sharma; MAJOR props to him for some of his C++ lessons.

I went out of my way to make sure that the web pages generated by this program follow W3 conventions.
Users might get a warning if using tags that are deprecated.

Because this is experimental, it runs in the command prompt without access to actual visual elements.

Because this is all coded to use the Console, the project currently does not have a visual aid to accompany it.
Meaning no shell; no Windows. I have a few more things to fix but giving this program a working shell is high on the list.

The program uses INLINE CSS because it saves me the headache of creating an entirely seperate CSS stylesheets editor.
This program is NOT a JavaScript editor. This feature might be added in the future.

I had a heck of a time trying to figure out memory management for the program.
In the end I settled for the fancy Smart Pointers and they do a wonderful job of allocating and de-allocating memory.

I have nearly 100% confidence that this program can be used to generate at least a basic webpage.

As far as I know this program can be run natively through Windows Console (Command Prompt)

Some of the tags are rarely used by anyone in web development. I cannot teach you what they do, only provide you access to them.

Yes, this program is a mess. But it's MY mess.

- DreamHollow4219
