README.md, before:

# PageMagic
(Experimental) Web Page Generator

This is an experimental open-source HTML formatting program.

PageMagic is a console-based program which means that you won't see the actual output until after the HTML file is written to your system.
The program does however show you step-by-step what you should expect to see in your HTML file, though it can only display text.

I created the original PageMagic to target 64-bit systems. Because of this, it probably won't run well on a 32-bit system.

I learned a lot from this project. I feel confident it helped me become a better developer.

The comments like '//Methods' and '//Variables' were inspired by the YouTuber Suraj Sharma; MAJOR props to him for some of his C++ lessons.

The program itself runs subroutines to ensure that files are created and formatted properly.

I went out of my way to make sure that the web pages generated by this program follow W3 Validator conventions.
Users might get a warning if using tags that are deprecated. Right now, I don't think any of the included tags are deprecated.

It lacks a number of CSS tags because I didn't realize how many there actually were. Sorry about that.
The program also uses INLINE CSS because it saves me the headache of creating an entirely seperate CSS stylesheets editor.
This program is NOT a JavaScript editor but these features may be implemented with time.

Some of the tags are rarely used by anyone in web development. I cannot teach you what they do, only provide you access to them.

Yes, this program is a mess. But it's MY mess.

- DreamHollow4219

Commit message:

Initial commit of new branch

README.md, after:

# PageMagic
(Experimental) Web Page Generator - Visual Aid Branch

This is an experimental open-source HTML formatting program.
This version of the program is being modified to provide visual aid to users. Visual elements are provided via SFML.

The code in the Visual Aid branch is being completely refactored to be shorter, more refined, and less error-prone.

I created the original PageMagic to target 64-bit systems. In this version, it works exclusively with 64-bit systems.
It is possible but not advise to configure the project to function with 32-bit systems.

I learned a lot from this project. I feel confident it helped me become a better developer.

The comments like '//Methods' and '//Variables' were inspired by the YouTuber Suraj Sharma; MAJOR props to him for some of his C++ lessons.

The program itself runs subroutines to ensure that files are created and formatted properly.

I went out of my way to make sure that the web pages generated by this program follow W3 Validator conventions.
Users might get a warning if using tags that are deprecated. Right now, I don't think any of the included tags are deprecated.
Please notify me if this changes.

This program currently uses inline CSS elements until CSS configuration has been implemented.
This program is NOT a JavaScript editor but there may be JavaScript elements in the future.

Some of the tags are rarely used by anyone in web development. I cannot teach you what they do, only provide you access to them.
