# PageMagic
(Experimental) Web Page Generator
This is an experimental open-source HTML formatting program.

I accidentally created the original VS Solution targeted towards 64-bit systems,
so you may not be able to use this program without a 64-bit system.

I'm not sure how many similar projects like this exist, but this is something I personally wanted to make and experiment with.

I learned a lot from this project. I feel confident it helped me become a better developer.

The comments like '//Methods' and '//Variables' were inspired by the YouTuber Suraj Sharma; MAJOR props to him for some of his C++ lessons.

This program MIGHT trigger your antivirus, and I'm sorry about that. The program itself is benign, almost boring, so I'm not sure what could be triggering this reaction?
If you don't believe me, check the code for yourself. At worst, it might have some more memory leaks I'm somehow overlooking.

I went out of my way to make sure that the web pages generated by this program follow W3 conventions.
Users might get a warning if using tags that are deprecated. Right now, I don't think any of the included tags are deprecated.

Because this is experimental, it runs in the command prompt without access to actual visual elements.

It lacks a number of CSS tags because I didn't realize how many there actually were. Sorry about that.
The program also uses INLINE CSS because it saves me the headache of creating an entirely seperate CSS stylesheets editor.
This program is NOT a JavaScript editor. If you want additional functionality like that, it's best left to someone else.

If it functions the way it should, however, it will generate relevant output based on user input.

Because this is all coded to use the Console, the project currently does not have a visual aid to accompany it. Meaning no shell; no Windows. Sorry.

As far as I know this program can be run natively through Windows Console (Command Prompt)

Some of the tags are rarely used by anyone in web development. I cannot teach you what they do, only provide you access to them.

Yes, this program is a mess. But it's MY mess.

- DreamHollow4219
